You were right.
Ourworld is beyond salvation.
Even the last ones
have left the Earth
and are coming up here.
But the stations are overcrowded.
Epidemics are spreading faster
and faster. l can't keep up.
l see people die away
under my hands.
l applied to work as a medic
on a cargo ship.
Four years to get there,
four years to get back.
l'll spend most ofthe time
in cryo-sleep. Just one flight,
and l'll have enough money
to come to Rhea.
And l'll be with you once again.
Did you hear that, beloved sister?
l have to go now.
l'm coming to Rhea to see you
and the children once again.
Dr. Laura Portmann?
Anna Lindbergh, First Officer.
Welcome aboard.
Listen up, everybody!
Miyuki Yoshida, systems administrator.
The bigmouth is Vespucci.
Thank God, Prokoff doesn't say as much.
Dr. Portmann, our new medic.
Station 42 will be expanded
to become a transportation hub.
lt's in the Oort Cloud,
halfway to Proxima,
and has been stabilized
in its orbit around RH278.
Ourflight is fully automatic.
Due to recent terrorist activities,
the interim government
has ordered all flights
to be accompanied
by sky marshalls.
Fucking snitches!
- Word goes
that the Luddites
are planning new attacks.
This junk heap is falling apart anyway.
So who'd want to sabotage it?
Lieutenant Samuel Decker,
Transitional Space Authority TSA.
ln thirty minutes
the hold will be sealed off.
Whoeverwants to get acquainted,
do it now.
At 0200 the engines will ignite.
At 0230
l will see you in the cryo-chamber.
l wish you a pleasant stay.
According to TSA Resolution 278
sky marshalls will be present
on all cargo missions.
Just see me as part ofthis crew.
This is an informational film
from the TSA.
The danger ofterrorist attacks
was never bigger since the Big Collapse.
Klaus Bruckner
is still on the run after another bombing.
This man is responsible
for the latest bombings
on Stations 20,
23, and 24.
ln an admission statement
Bruckner repeats
the reactionary beliefs ofthe Luddites.
Where do we live? lnside of machines.
What do we produce? Machines.
The TSA is the enemy.
There'll be no peace
as long as technology rules us.
Down with the machines!
Down with the stations!
Due to recent incidents,
the TSA has ordered
for the security ofthe ships
and the crews
that all space flights be accompanied
by sky marshalls.
Support your sky marshall in his duties...
...be alert...
Once again: the schedule of shifts.
Duration: eight and a half months each.
l take over the first one.
Then Lindbergh, Yoshida,
Vespucci, Prokoff, Portmann.
ln the end for unloading,
Lindbergh again.
lf anybody has a problem with this,
you may knock on Decker's tank.
3 YEARS AND 8 MONTHS LATER
Dear Laura,
l'm sending you
sunrays from Rhea.
lt's been so long
since l held you in my arms.
lt isn't good for you to do
cargo flights. We're worried.
People say that the Luddites
are becoming more and more aggressive.
But what can we believe when
the information is four years old?
l don't dare to think what
could have happened in the meantime.
l hope all is well with you.
Please respond soon.
See you soon.
l miss you.
lnitiating day phase.
Day phase initiated.
lnitiating night phase.
Please, proceed to resting position.
DearArianne,
l miss you, too.
lt is so unbelievably cold here.
You could hardly imagine it.
l'll show you some images,
so you can see the junk heap l'm in.
Just two more months,
and my shift will be over.
We are now four light years
away from the Earth,
transporting construction material
to build a space station,
so we can fly
to Proxima one day.
They say there will also be
inhabitable planets out there.
l wish l could be with you.
Don't worry about me. l'm fine.
See you soon.
Hey, kids, come here!
lnitiating night phase.
Please, proceed to resting position.
What are you doing here?
Somebody opened the hatch.
l was woken automatically.
Why did you open the airlock?
You know that access to the cargo area
is strictly prohibited?
There's someone down in the
cargo-airlock. - That's impossible!
Something is behind the hatch.
We have to wake up the crew.
No! The cryo-sleep phases
cannot be interrupted.
But why don't you show me where it was.
Regulations say that the captain must be
woken instantly in a case of emergency.
Obviously, Dr. Portmann can't stand
to be alone very well.
l'm sorry we had to wake you.
You'd better be sure ofwhat you said.
The cold protection suits were
whirled around by the high pressure.
The compartment was left open
several times during your shift.
l hope for your sake
that this was a technical malfunction.
Come with me.
The hold is divided into nine sectors.
You check sectors A-C,
you check D-F, and l'll do the rest.
Wouldn't it be better to stay together?
l don't want to spend the night here.
We'll keep in radio contact.
The containers are all sealed.
Copy that. You should know, Decker.
l haven't found anything strange. Except
that we aren't fully loaded. Read me.
Same here.
Read you. Proceed further
Over and out.
Lacroix for Laura?
Lacroix!
Damn it.
Decker? Decker!
What happened?
- Lacroix fell. - What? Where are you?
ln Sector E-4-20
l'm going down to Sector G.
l'm coming!
Lacroix, can you hear me?
ls he alive?
- We have to get him out of here.
The hatch!
According to regulations,
l assume command ofthe ship.
Prokoff, Vespucci,
you repair the hatch.
The hold
must be sealed off immediately. Yoshida:
Verify all cryo-sleep log files.
Check for irregularities.
And you examine Lacroix's corpse.
l want a detailed report
on the cause of death.
Recorder on.
Multiple rib fractures.
Cranio-cerebral injury.
Obviously induced by a fall
from a big height.
Death occurred just minutes
after impact.
l thought we were transporting
construction material.
l thought so, too.
What's wrong with the hatch?
- lt's stuck.
The transmission seems broken, too.
lt must have been here.
Sealed.
Here's Lacroix's badge.
A child...
lt's a child!
The containers are full of people.
Vespucci, Prokoff ...
Yes?
Please, come to Sector F-7-21 .
Why the hell are we transporting
people to Station 42?
What's the problem now?
Damn it!
Hurry up!
Come on! Come on!
Laura!
What's going on?
The containers are full of people.
That's none ofyour business.
Lacroix was killed.
Lacroix opened a container door
and must have been blown down by the pressure.
Someone set the containers in motion
and nearly killed us.
The containers are automatically
shifted to keep them from freezing.
That's why the cargo hold is off-limits.
- Someone's on board the ship.
He killed Lacroix and nearly us.
Did you know
there are people in the containers?
This tank goes back at once!
- This is a human being!
As a doctor, l am responsible,
and l'll examine this girl.
- l agree.
And l am authorized
to investigate every incident on board.
The containers and tanks
could be related to Lacroix's death.
Then do your duty, but rest assured,
l will report this to the authorities.
Examination ofthe tank.
Recorder on.
lmpossible to get useful
scans from the abdomen.
Switching to high frequency.
HF scans are possible
in the cranial area.
Girl shows weak brain activity.
l suspect a cryo-sleep coma.
End of recording.
Did you find anything?
lt will take a while
before l have clear results.
Can l help?
- Yes, perhaps.
The tank is blocking the scanner's radiation.
And l can't open it.
lt's secured with an electronic lock.
Did you find anything?
Give me all the information
you can find about Decker.
There's something strange about him.
He should be on our side.
Well?
- An asymetrical RSA encryption.
This could take a while.
What do you know about Station 42?
An unmanned station.
Officially it's being expanded
into a transportation hub.
And unofficially?
Why did you apply for this mission?
l need the money. lt's that simple.
You want to go to Rhea?
- Yes. - Why?
My sister lives on Rhea.
She won a Rhea visa seven years ago.
She's living our dream.
Probably another automatic shifting
ofthe containers.
What ifthere's something on board?
- Fuck it!
Let's just finish this
and get out of here fast.
Recorder on.
The girl's brain is interconnected
with inorganic tissue.
Entry point in the body:
cervicalis C4
in the vertebral column ofthe neck.
Looks as if it grew into her...
...or ate its way in.
A VR connector.
lt's quite sophisticated.
l've never seen the likes before.
We could connect her
to an external system.
Much too dangerous.
lrreparable neural damage could occur.
lt's the only way to find out
something about the connector.
No way. l won't risk
the life ofthis child.
As you like.
The results ofthis examination
must remain between us.
Arianne,
so much happened l want to tell you about.
Why are we apart?
News takes ages to arrive.
l don't understand what's going on here.
We found a girl in the hold.
l'm trying to help her.
We'll see each other soon.
And l'll tell you everything.
l was happy to hearfrom you. lt's so great
to hear your voice
and to know you're alive.
You found a girl? l don't understand.
l want to talk to you in person.
Why does it always take so long
for these messages to arrive?
Laura, listen.
We don't want you to take cargo flights.
Just come to Rhea.
You can stay at our place,
and we can fix up a room for you.
l'm looking forward to seeing you.
Soon you will be with us.
l don't understand what's happening.
How can my sister
answer me so quickly?
Why do you know
all about VR connectors?
Why shouldn't l tell anyone
about the examination?
What do you know
about the people in the tanks?
Who are you anyway?
This is First Officer Lindbergh.
The entire crew
on the bridge at once!
Yoshida verified all log files
and compared them with the backups.
She found out
that a member ofthe crew
manipulated the cryo-sleep log files.
Why didn't you tell us
you were repeatedly awakened?
lt is one of my duties
to regularly check the ship.
You don't deny that you left your tank
without our knowledge?
No, that is correct.
Where were you when Lacroix fell?
- The guy is a dirty snitch!
l was in Sector F-5-17.
As a TSA agent,
l don't owe you any explanations.
Arrest him.
Put down your gun!
l enjoy immunity. You know that.
Not for murder. Put the gun down.
lfyou hadn't struggled
l might have believed you.
Vespucci,
how long do you need for the hatch?
48 hours.
Dr. Portmann, l want the tank
returned to the hold.
That's impossible. l gave the girl
medication to make the threads in
the brain regress. She's too unstable.
l don't care.
l want the tank returned before
the hatch is closed. That's an order!
Did l make that clear enough?
Put him in cryo-sleep.
lf l don't stop the bleeding
it will contaminate the cryo-liquid.
You're doing a good job.
Did you hearfrom your sister again?
Vespucci, report to the medlab.
Laura? Laura, wait.
We aren't flying to Station 42.
Where are we flying to?
Rhea.
Can you help me?
Could you find out
ifwe're really flying to Station 42?
Well?
l was on the bridge
and logged into the system.
The target coordinates of ourflight
are highly confidential and encrypted.
But l am certain that
we are not flying to Station 42.
One other thing is certain, too.
lt is impossible for someone
to manipulate the target coordinates
during the flight.
They can only be
programmed before takeoff.
l'll try to find out
where we are flying to.
But Decker had no opportunity
to change the coordinates.
How long does it take
to send a message from here to Rhea?
lt takes ages, as usual.
Several years.
My sister answered me
within just 20 minutes.
lfthat's true,
then Lindbergh was lying.
She is the only person
who can access the coordinates.
Decker said, we're flying to Rhea.
Hey, hey, hey! Here you are!
The hatch is fixed.
So Prokoff and my humble self
invite you to a party.
No time.
- What about the party?
Thanks for your help.
But you'll join us, won't you, Doctor?
We heated the men's quarters.
You won't be staying long either, right?
Our last medic went to Rhea.
Guys like us will never
be able to afford that, huh?
Doesn't taste that lousy.
That was probably the heating system.
What are you doing?
The party isn't over yet.
l'm bringing Yoshida a cup oftea, too.
Okay, but hurry,
and don't let Lindbergh know.
She'd ruin the whole party.
Don't worry. l'll be right back.
Yoshida?
Decker ...
That pig just disappeared.
When l get hold of him ...
He was manually wakened.
Someone must have helped him.
lt seems
we have a stowaway on board.
Damn it!
We'll search the entire ship.
You go with Portman.
l'll go with Prokoff.
We start on the main decks.
l'll lock all the hatches.
lfwe don't find anything here,
we'll search the rest.
Medlab is clean.
Did you find anything?
Not yet. We're at the air lock.
lt's coming from down below.
We'll search the lower levels.
l think we got him.
He must be in this shaft.
You go down here,
and l'll join you from the other side,
and we'll finish him off.
When he hears me coming,
he'll have to turn back.
When you see him, fire. Boom!
Dead as a doornail.
That bastard killed Yoshida
and Lacroix. Don't forget that.
De... to... n ...
De...to..nate...
Everything grows like it used to.
They were lying to us
from the start. These plants
are edible.
The greenhouses protect the plants
from the acid rain.
We cleanse the water ourselves
in subterranean tanks.
We are completely independent
ofthe system.
And we're growing in number.
New people join us every day.
Don't move!
Thank God, you're still alive.
- Vespucci! Where were you? - Calm down.
Everything is under control.
We captured him.
Did you fire the shot?
Who's this?
Bruckner.
What was your plan?
Don't try to be a hero.
Bruckner is dead.
Who are you trying to protect?
Rhea is a simulation.
lt's all a lie.
The people in the tanks ...
- Nonsense!
Their brains are used as neural units
to run the simulation.
We communicate daily
with the people of Rhea.
Kuiper lndustries is lying to all mankind.
lt's all top secret. - Take him away.
lf people knew that parts
ofthe Earth are inhabitable ...
the whole system would fall apart.
You killed him, didn't you?
He went crazy. He killed Lacroix.
And Yoshida?
Take him away!
How's your little patient doing?
- Fine.
l think... we can take her
back to the hold now.
Excellent!
Prokoff and Vespucci will help you.
We can finally close the hatch.
And you will enter cryo-sleep.
l'll take over your shift.
So you know all about Rhea?
The simulation
is only a temporary solution.
The settlement of Rhea
failed from the start.
The changes we made in the planet's
ecosystem unfortunately turned out bad.
We'll find a new planet.
And we won't repeat the mistakes
we made on Rhea.
But until then,
people need something to live for.
They need hope.
What about the people who realize
they're living in a simulation?
The simulation is perfect.
l was inside myself. lt's impossible
to find out.
Why are you doing this?
You just don't understand.
We'll soon be on Rhea,
but you and your luddite
won't reach Rhea alive.
Everyone will understand that
the captain's murderers died in action.
Did you know we're flying to Rhea?
But Rhea is only a simulation.
Who the hell cares! All that matters
is that we get offthis junk heap.
And what about my little plants?
- Jerk!
They have more plants there than you could
ever dream of. Rhea has everything.
Everything!
l couldn't tell you the truth.
Laura, there are several reasons
not to trust me.
But we are the only ones
who can complete this mission.
Will you help me?
Will you help me
save my sisterfrom the tank?
We have to work together.
One can't enter the simulation alone.
The Kassandra docks at Station 42 as planned.
The unloading timer can be delayed
by only 30 minutes.
When the timer hits zero, the Kassandra
is unloaded automatically.
Laura and l exit the ship and we fly to the mainframe
module.There l jack her into the system.
How should that work?
The hardware ofthe simulator
is accessible from these modules.
Wth this interface,
l will connect Laura directly
to the mainframe. She will send a message
to Earth from inside the simulation.
ln the meantime,
l'll look for her sister's tank.
After that, we'll blow up
the transponders ofthe main antennas.
The station will remain fully operational.
That means: the people will
continue living in their simulation.
But they can't send any more messages back to Earth.
Laura's message will be the last one.
l hope that people at home
will believe us.
STATlON 42 lN ORBlT AROUND RH278
ls the Earth really inhabitable again?
We made three expeditions.
Nature is alive.
lt's taking over again.
Entire cities are overgrown,
covered up to the 2nd floor.
l'll take Arianne back to Earth.
There are millions oftanks, Laura.
Even ifwe find her,
l don't know
what condition she's in now.
She was in simulation for a long time.
We have to try it.
l'd so love to show her the Earth.
Has this interface been used yet?
No, it's a prototype.
lt works like an external VR connector.
Don't be afraid.
27 minutes.
Hey, don't you think we should
reconsider? - What?
l'm doing this for you and for me.
l'm not missing the chance. We'll throw
two guys out oftheir tanks and get in ourselves.
When the ship is unloaded,
we'll be on Rhea.
Fuck!
Damn it.
Prokoff, can you hear me?
l have Lindbergh's badge.
Reset the unloading timer
to ten minutes. Understand?
Otherwise, the containers won't be
unloaded, and we won't be on Rhea. Got that?
We have to hurry.
We'll meet in the hold, okay?
Decker, can you hear me?
l'm having trouble with my fuel cell.
Decker?
Decker!
Laura?
The cell isn't working properly.
l think ... nitrogen supply ...
Don't leave the ship ...
...change... ...fuel cell ...
Laura?
Rhea, here we come!
...Laura?...
...you find... ...fuel cell?...
...no, l didn't....
...l'm coming... ...anyway....
...where... ...you?...
- ...not a good idea... ...stay... ...you are....
...l'll try... ...find Arianne's tank....
...Laura, did you find ...?
Decker?
Can you hear me? Decker?
l can't control myjetpack!
l'm drifting off!
Decker, where are you?
Decker?
Where are you?
l can see you.
l found Arianne's tank.
lt's impossible.
She's been in there for too long.
l'm sorry.
l have to see her.
Program my target coordinates
to where my sister lives.
l'll send the message from her place.
Okay.
Look, the Kassandra.
Prokoff and Vespucci ... Those stupid idiots!
We have seven minutes at most.
l'll get you out manually.
Okay.
Laura?
Arianne?
Laura!
Look how nice it is here.
At last you see how it is.
At last.
And your room is almost ready.
You look beautiful.
Come on in.
l'll show you everything. Kids,
look who's here!
Laura, are you crying?
Arianne, l have to leave for a moment.
Yes?
What's wrong
- l love you, Arianne.
Laura?
Laura, where are you going?
Laura!
My name is Laura Portmann.
This is the last message from Rhea.
Rhea is not paradise.
Rhea is a simulation.
We will bring you proof.
We were all deceived.
Everything that was said
about Rhea is a lie.
We don't need Rhea.
But we still have the Earth.
The Earth is once again inhabitable.
No one
will ever be in contact with Rhea again.
We'll blow up the antennas now!
Laura?
Do you hear me?
Yes.
Okay, we have to hurry.
The Kassandra will take off any minute.
And you have to go back alone.
Alone?
Yes.
l won't go without you. - You have to.
We won't get farwith only one jetpack.
l gave you my fuel cell.
lt has enough fuel
to take you back to the Kassandra.
- l'm not leaving without you.
Go back to the girl.
She's our only proof.
The engines!
Go!
l can't!
- You have to!
Now!
- No!
...l love you!
Where is the girl?
No one will ever send messages
from Rhea again.
My name is Laura Portmann.
This is the last message from Rhea.
Rhea is not paradise.
Rhea is a simulation.
We will bring you proof.
We were all deceived.
We don't need Rhea.
We still have the Earth.
The Earth is once again inhabitable.
No one will ever be
in contact with Rhea again.
We'll blow up the antennas now!